I hear from the city that I don't know if so many
rebels for the first who inhabited by
slow reasons that if understood are Saturday
if I see it I swear it looks like a post
apocalypse zombie movie romero
we have a city center that looks deserted
of the gobi a local space has lost
believe me you don't find a Piacenza
satisfied only when he has done
close each seat with more than 13 kg per
square meter and then I take the car
and I will move will touch a cadeau one
only once the bridge of the po i am
joking happened but we don't talk about it
often even get out of this city
I say of death
so we are in the province and in the middle of the
boredom generates with a bowling alley that
closes
I'll have to go away but I love it too much
place there step holiday christmas easter e
well that rago and I never thought of
wanting to do well to present the base
so I want everyone to piacenza piacenza
and I never thought of being able to
run away piacenza was my gavia e
so I want it to be
piacenza piacenza
still only immense cathedral square
this city from gaza has been and has not got us
asked lose love the way more often
of the trapani between the scenes or inside is
left of the sky 300 round two
horses like death a fucking thing to do ed
now it's just going to bed but deprived
of abstinence I go straight piglet Jun
you want to criticize me for the place
beard or because I can do the same
talk about grass but a song on the grass
the fuck I'd write that I am
of people and I would have put myself in the head of
bring the province to the boot
boy serves all of italy and bronze
my place which is better than yours
center my home and the other the only one
I never thought I wanted to go
My people veil is my home and so
I want
piacenza piacenza I never thought of myself
to be able to escape by centering
the nea gavia so I want to piacenza
and I never thought I wanted to go
piacenza veleria is my home and so
I want it to be
piacenza piacenza
well I never thought of being able to
run away centering my home is
so I want it to be
piacenza piacenza